I had either internet people let's bow
again so tonight's gonna be a little
different it's one it's gonna be long
imagine two um it's gonna be a little
bit more straightforward I normally try
to provoke civil discourse give you just
a fault tonight I'm gonna give you a
whole lot of facts over the last two
years there's a whole lot of us that
have been trying to convince
well-meaning but misinformed people that
it can happen here you you're probably
one of those if you're watching this
you're probably one of those that has
been trying to convince people of this
it can happen here
now because of some tragedies people are
forgetting that they're forgetting it
because they're angry they're frustrated
because they don't know what to do they
feel helpless they've built hopeless
they're afraid
and they have forgotten that it can
happen here these same people who a few
weeks ago we're talking about
concentration camps and our march
towards fascism are advocating disarming
so unique turn of events almost like
somebody planned it almost like that's
the goal I want you to think back to
that shooting at the mosque think back
to the writings of the shooter what did
he say he wanted to do provoke a
discussion about the Second Amendment in
the United States guy wasn't even in
this country but that was his goal why
because he knows with suggestions for
gun control all do you think the old
Paso shooter motive is much different
these guys aren't dumb they have studied
insurgency they understand that a
security clampdown can typically favor
the insurgent
they understand that most gun control
that is being suggested today
disproportionately impacts the poor
people that are economically
disadvantaged who does that
disproportionately impact as far as race
they're not stupid
please don't mistake them for being
stupid they knew these suggestions were
going to come let's go through anything
about taxes these expensive safes what
does that do if you're wealthy doesn't
mean much to you right but if you are
their target suddenly it's a whole lot
harder to defend yourself I'm not sure
that I can get behind the idea of
stripping the means of Defense from
Arjun alized communities who typically
can't depend on the cops showing up
another one is training now anybody
who's watched my videos about purchasing
a firearm knows that I am all about
training if you're gonna purchase a
weapon you better know how to use it
mandatory training is something that was
proposed by people who stand to make
money off of training people and those
expensive courses who can't afford them
think about it logically though if this
is really about mass shootings why on
earth would you want a well-trained mass
shooter it doesn't even make sense sure
the safety portion of it that might stop
some negligent discharges yeah that's
possible
how I'll give you that but I don't
understand the idea of wanting mass
shooters well-trained or how training
would stop them from being mass shooters
doesn't even make sense
insurance that's when they gets thrown
out a lot which was of course proposed
by insurance companies you stand to make
money off of it
who does that disproportionately impact
their targets who can't afford it
low-income families are
disproportionately minority groups they
are their target groups and you want to
take away their right to defend
themselves you want to remove that based
on talking points provided by people who
stand to make money off of it
and then what happens if they don't get
the insurance but they keep the firearm
we've got the school-to-prison pipeline
now we have the home to Prison Pipeline
hard pass on those now those are the
ones that deal with the financial side
of it what about the legislative side
this is why I was trolling Facebook and
Twitter and everywhere else to get
responses because I wanted to know what
was out there these are the ones he kept
popping up BAM body armor it's not the
1980s it's not the 1990s body armor is
no longer Kevlar it's a metal plate in a
canvas carrier you can't ban that and I
don't mean that as you shouldn't I mean
you can't you can get it anywhere you
can get that type of armor you can get
plate armor anywhere any metal
fabricator and he doesn't have to know
what he's cutting skid plates from a
Jeep it that's a non-starter it can't be
done all you'll do is waste the ATF time
running around trying to catch people
with steel mags magazines the same thing
it's sheet metal in a spring you can't
really ban them because they're so
easily made and keep in mind there are
literally hundreds of millions of them
already out there unregistered Pandora's
box is open on that one now I did have
somebody asked me an interesting
question today that there is an
exemption to this when you're talking
about 30 round magazines those are
normal
those are easy to make and that is
standard capacity by the way when you
start talking about drums drum magazines
yeah those you could probably
effectively ban they're a lot harder to
manufacturer they are a lot harder to
manufacture and have them work so those
you could probably get away with you
probably get away with banning that
but a magazine change takes a second two
seconds it's not it's not going to have
the impact that you think get rid of
ar-15s the reason the ar-15 is used so
often is because it is the most popular
rifle in the United States this would be
like banning the Honda Civic
because drunk drivers use it the most
it's just a popular vehicle
it's a popular rifle that's why it gets
used so often you ban it get it off the
street it gets replaced with the m14 or
the Grand which are more powerful fine
if that won't work let's get rid of semi
autos all together that's every modern
rifle designed in like the last hundred
and something years but ok so semi autos
are gone ok we're just gonna wave a
magic wand we're not going to talk about
the logistics of getting them they're
just gone ok people everybody
volunteered to do it they're gone so we
go back to our roots of mass shootings
the first one that people think of is
Charles Whitman Texas Clocktower killed
16 people wounded 32 his primary weapon
Remington 700 bolt-action rifle with no
detachable magazine it's not the design
it doesn't it's not the design that's a
talking point reality says otherwise
ok gun show loophole that's kind of a
misnomer it's not a real thing in a way
most sellers at gun shows are dealers
dealers will always conduct a background
check because they're terrified of the
ATF I mean they're not doing it out of
the goodness of their hearts they
understand what happens if they don't
there are things in some states called
private sales
that do go under the radar and no
background check is is conducted at that
point
private cells are a part of the firearms
community it would be really annoying to
have to go through a background check
each time somebody sold one at the same
time man I don't know that you're gonna
have huge resistance against it I don't
know that it would do much good because
most people who actually purchased their
firearm and attempted to go through a
background check passed so I don't know
that it's actually gonna solve any
problem but I don't know that you're
gonna get a lot of resistance for it
mental health checks this is a big one
because who would be against that well
tell me what one is where everybody's
agreeing to it but nobody knows what
they're talking about what kind of
mental health anxiety does that preclude
you from purchasing a firearm it
stigmatizes mental health makes people
not treat the seek treatment which may
make them more likely to do something
like this the other side to this is that
there probably should be some method of
getting people who start to exhibit
actual signs of violence which not all
mental health problems cause violence
getting them away from firearms but
mental health checks means nothing it's
very subjective and we know what happens
when subjective laws get put on the
books of law enforcement enforces them
who gets it with them the most their
targets rationing ammo this is a popular
one I'm not sure why only allow people
to buy X number of rounds per month
most of the rounds the number of rounds
I've heard are ridiculously low 20 to 50
if you are not shooting at least 150
rounds a month you don't need a firearm
because you're not going to stay
proficient with it 12 years ago I could
dump a magazine into a three by five
card while
moving I I haven't shot in 12 years I
can't do that anymore shooting is a
perishable skill if you don't use it you
lose it if you're going to limit
people's ability to train you're just
going to increase accidents and as far
as stopping mass shootings through this
method I don't so they do what meth
cooks do and send somebody in to buy the
sudafed for them it's it it's not a real
solution these as much as the GOP gets
criticized for saying it this these are
thoughts and prayers
because there's not a prayer that this
is gonna work what about other countries
something that pops up a lot other
countries did not have more guns than
people the United States does when you
talk about a lot of these other
countries and well they got
semi-automatic rifles off the street
they had ten thousand a hundred thousand
we have tens of millions Pandora's box
is opened I also find it interesting to
see this argument coming from people who
are normally very sensitive about
different cultures and understanding
that comparing the Japanese propensity
and habit of seeking order and following
the rules as absolutely nothing to do
but the United States does wear the
exact opposite were chaos driven we are
a violent country we always have been
even these solutions we sent the Heron
people who proposed this or like we will
we want peace we don't want guns sure
you do how do you think any of this is
gonna get enforced and those people will
be glorified which will just help cement
that idea the violence is always the
answer
so what can we do there has to be some
kind of solutions right
domestic violence loophole
all right there is a law saying that if
you commit even a misdemeanor crime of
domestic violence you can't purchase
firearm anymore it's a good law needs to
be expanded and it needs to be closed
because there's a loophole in it if the
charge gets knocked back well if you
don't have to register so if you have a
compliant DA well that's it don't have
to worry about it anymore
domestic violence is a very good
indicator of future violence stalking is
a very good indicator of future violence
that would work that would actually
produce results it would keep the guns
out of the hands of people you don't
want to have them ok so expensive safes
or what people are proposing blocking
out the economically disadvantaged what
about locks and I'm gonna talk about the
breach locked it's like a chain that
goes through the barrel and so you can't
operate the slide that can be cut with a
bolt cutter in ten seconds the type you
see in high-dollar gun stores there's a
lock actually over the trigger have it
come with the gun have it come with the
gun and make it make it part of the
culture make it part of owning one that
you're preventing mass shootings by
using it and I know somebody who say
well then I'm not ready I won't be ready
get a handgun with the keypad safe put
it in that and I mean if it's in there
you can leave the magazine and it
chambered safety off and just practice
the keypad it's just as fast as getting
it out of your dresser drawer putting
the magazine in and chambering it I mean
of course that would require you to
train
but as studies have shown us now coping
skills teaching coping skills that was
going to be my video tonight was going
through and explaining a bunch of
different mechanisms for coping because
that's what happens in the weeks or
months leading up to the incident people
that have childhood trauma
well they snap something happens
something typically minor that they
couldn't cope with we need to start
teaching this on a wide level it needs
to be everywhere we need to be able to
identify when people go into that crisis
mode and there'll be a video coming out
about that too the next part about this
is though what are we gonna do once we
identify we need to have a method of
reporting it that doesn't send a SWAT
team to their house nobody wants to get
their friend killed or if they already
have the weapons nobody wants to trigger
a firefight that's gonna be something
that law enforcement will have to be
involved and there's got to be something
that can be done to create a situation
in which it can be reported safely for
everybody
don't name them notoriety after death
seems to be a primary motivator don't
name them use the city location age a
lot of people are opposed to this I
don't really see the main issue raising
it to 21 to help stop school shootings I
understand there is one good argument
against it the people that move out at
18 and can't get a firearm to protect
their home maybe if they're 18 and out
of school they can get a waiver I don't
know but that seems like something that
could do some good we could examine that
at least and don't surrender that's what
this is this whole conversation is
surrender people want to take
semi-automatics off the street they're
combat effective 360 million guns in
civilian hands is a deterrent it is a
deterrent against tyranny and I know
somebody out there you can't fight a
drone or a tank or an a-10 with a rifle
that's not how insurgencies work and
that's the reason you need to want you
should really want this deterrent
because if the deterrent isn't there and
you have to actually act it's horrible
you don't fight the a-10 or the tank of
a drone you find their family
that's how insurgencies work and that's
why everybody should want to avoid it
the deterrent of this many weapons in
civilian hands helps keep the government
honest if that was gone there's nothing
that can be done
and then when the government overstepped
its bounds you don't have the deterrent
you have to actually do it and nobody
who's ever seen that kind of violence
once that because as much as it sounds
like fiction it can happen here
we don't want it to we need to strive
for peace in every way we don't want
violence it's the whole reason we're
having this conversation
sometimes the deterrent is what stops
violence it can happen here anyway it's
just a fault
y'all have a good night